okay this is going to be getting that TM
hm sir
okay you have to go into Safari zone
it's not
bitte
yeah you can only take a limited number
of steps in here to which I'm not doing
a very good job
not take away
okay here
okay so that's sir
okay so I have surf now
I'm just getting items now okay
so now you have serve hopefully you have
a Pokemon that can learn and if not
you're gonna have to get one see I have
three that can I'm gonna teach you to
carry this and
I wonder which one I should get rid of
thank you I may get a water pulse
okay that's it for this video next one's
gonna be I think sap how to get the
saffron city and power some of Team
Rocket in there I guess